
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

## B3

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->
Option A - BC Liquor app

In this revised version of the BC Liquor app, I added a logo in the application. Besides, I introduced an overview dashboard for the app where users can have a general idea of the data content of this app. Majorly, people get to know from which countries are we examing the liquor data. Moreover, I've added three functional features. The first is to show the overall results after filtering. The second one is to enable table downloading. And the third is to filter data by sweetness and Alcohol content.

## Link To Shiny App b3
The deployed Shiny app can be found here [Link](https://astridshinyapps.shinyapps.io/assignment-b3-astridLi0402/) 

## B4

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->
Option C - Shiny app

Based on the shiny app I implemented in B3, I revised the interface a bit and added more functions to make it a more user-friendly application. 
1. Changed the layout of the overview tab and the filtered tab
2. In the overview page, I added some text to describe what the app is doing and introduced briefly what the dataset has
3. In the filtered data page, I modified the table to let users be able to customize the number of table entries and do searches within the filtered results
4. I also changed the way the country filter works. Instead of a single selection, it now allows a multiple inputs so users can filter out products from multiple countries at the same time 
5. I also added titles for the plots and changed the download link to a download button and moved it to the side panel.

## Link To Shiny App b4
The deployed Shiny app can be found here [Link](https://astridshinyapps.shinyapps.io/BCLiqor_revised_b4/) 

## Acknowledgement

The basic version of this Shinny app is from Dean Attali's app. The datapoints were generated by  BC Liquor Store and the dataset is referenced from OpenDataBC. The logo image was obtained from [Link](https://www.dreamstime.com/sign-prohibited-alcohol-driving-machine-white-background-no-alcohol-icon-warning-symbol-sign-prohibited-alcohol-driving-machine-image119916240)


